2. What does ENIAC mean?  
Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer  
3. Why is everything represented by integers in computers.  
Computers use integers since there are large amounts of integers and it is more efficient than decimal numbers or letters.   
4. What is the name of the fastest part of the computer memory?  
The CPU register  
5. What is the slowest storage device in computers (that is typically integrated with computers)?  
The disk  
6.What is the smallest unit of information in computer science?  
A bit   
7.(A) What is the closest programming language to machine code (i.e., binary code)?   
Assembly code  
  (B) Does it need interpretation in order to become machine-comprehensible?   
No, since it is low-level it is efficient and does not need to be interpreted.  
8. (A) Name the oldest high-level programming language that is still in active daily use.  
Fortran  
(B) Approximately how many decades is it old? (±15 years is acceptable answer. the decade it was created is also an acceptable answer)  
It was created 67 years ago in 1957.  
9. (A) Name a second-generation programming language.  
Assembly  
(B) Which language-generation are Fortran, C, C++, MATLAB, Python, R?
Third and fourth generation.  
10. In what decades C, C++, and MATLAB/Python were created, respectively?
1970s, 1980s, 1980s, 1990s  
11. Name an ancestor programming language of C.  
B  
12. Name a programming language ancestor of C++.  
C  
13. Name a programming language ancestor of MATLAB and a programming language ancestor of Python.
Fortran and C  
14. What is fastest part of the memory in the memory hierarchy of modern computers?  
CPU registers.  
15. What is typically the smallest memory unit in the memory hierarchy of modern computers?  
A bit  
16. How much faster is the access to the register memory compared to RAM in modern computers?  
It is faster
17. How much faster is the access to the RAM compared to typical SSD hard drives in modern computers?  
It is Faster  
18. How much faster is the access to the RAM compared to typical HDD hard drives in modern computers?  
